中英对照：可再生能源投资"需要强劲的政策框架"--科技-- 中英对照：可再生能源投资"需要强劲的政策框架"
　　　专家警告说，发展中国家的可再生能源投资正在增长，但是只有存在一致的政策框架，这种增长才能继续下去。
　　Renewable energy investments in developing countries are growing but this will only continue with coherent policy frameworks, experts warn.
　　由设在英国的新能源融资组织为联合国环保署撰写的报告显示，在2007年，超过1480亿美元被注入了全世界的可持续能源部门——这比2006年增长了60%。
　　A report, prepared by the UK-based New Energy Finance for the UN Environment Programme, shows that over US$148 billion was pumped into the global sustainable energy sector in 2007 — a 60 per cent increase from 2006.
　　可持续能源占了2007年全世界所有新发电能力的1/5。最受投资者欢迎的是风能，但是太阳能是增长最迅速的部门。
　　Sustainable energy accounted for a fifth of all new power generation capacity worldwide in 2007. Wind power was most popular with investors, but solar power was the sector that grew most rapidly.
　　联合国环保署的执行主任Achim Steiner本周（7月1日）在一次电话会议上说：“这不仅在发达经济体中出现，我们在过去的两三年中也看到了它在发展中经济体的显著扩张，特别是在那些规模更大和增长速度更快的经济体。”
　　"This is not just occurring in developed economies, we've seen over the last two or three years a significant expansion in developing economies, particularly the larger and faster growing ones," said Achim Steiner, executive director of UNEP, at a teleconference this week (1 July).
　　巴西、中国和印度正在不断吸引投资者的兴趣，它们的新投资的份额从2004年的12%（18亿美元）增长到了2007年的22%（566亿美元）。
　　Brazil, China and India are drawing growing investor interest, with their share of new investments growing from 12 per cent (US$1.8 billion) in 2004 to 22 per cent in 2007 (US$56.6 billion).
　　联合国气候变化框架公约的执行秘书Yvo de Boer说：“该报告主要指出了发展中大国的情况，但是我认为这代表了全世界的一个更大的趋势。”他提到了拉丁美洲和加勒比海国家是 发展中国家越来越多地向可再生能源投资的例子。
　　"The report points mainly to the major developing countries but I think those are representative of much larger trends around the world," said Yvo de Boer, executive secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. He cited Latin American and Caribbean countries as examples of developing countries that are investing more and more in renewable energy.
　　但是该报告也发现撒哈拉沙漠以南非洲地区“尽管是最可从可再生能源中受益的地区”，它们仍然继续落后。
　　But the report found that Sub-Saharan Africa, "arguably the region that has the most to gain from renewable energy", continues to lag behind.
　　Steiner说，整体的数字显示了投资者对不断增长的国际气候担忧做出响应的能力，而且显示了清洁能源的市场是可以生存下去的。
　　The overall figures indicate the ability of investors to respond to growing international climate concerns, said Steiner, and that the markets for clean energy are viable.
　　Boer说：“我们现在需要的是强有力的政治信号，从而驱动这个趋势向前进。”
　　"What we need now is a strong political signal to drive this trend forward," said de Boer.
　　新能源融资组织的首席执行官Michael Liebreich说各国国家政策和国际政策同样重要。“任何没有支持可持续能源发展的一致政策的国家就会落在后面，因为还有其它更加吸引投资者的国家。”
　　Michael Liebreich, chief executive officer of New Energy Finance, said national policies are just as important as international ones. "Any country that doesn't have a coherent policy to support the development of sustainable energy will simply fall behind, because there are other countries that are more attractive for investors."
　　Liebreich还希望看到能源领域更多的研发资助。该报告发现关于清洁能源和能源效率的研发开支是169亿美元。
　　Liebreich also wants to see more research and development (R) funding in the energy sector. The report found that R spending on clean energy and energy efficiency was US$16.9 billion.
　　“能源产业是世界上最大的产业，它占了国内生产总值的约10%。而它在研发上只投入169亿美元，这实在是太荒唐了。”
　　"The energy industry is the largest in the world — it counts for about ten per cent of gross domestic product. The idea that it only spends US$16.9 billion on R is frankly absurd."
