中英对照：科学传播者针对气候挑战提出建议--科技-- 中英对照：科学传播者针对气候挑战提出建议
该挑战计划由各种讨论主题组成，比如怎样把气候变化信息传播到无法获取现代大众传媒的社区中。
PCST/Benita Marcussen
　　　[哥本哈根与马尔默]来自世界各地的科学传播者向联合国提出了更好地传播气候变化的影响及其缓减方法的信息的建议。
　　[COPENHAGEN AND MALMO] Science communicators from around the world have devised recommendations to put forward to the UN for better communicating climate change impacts and mitigation methods.
　　这些建议来自哥本哈根挑战计划，该计划于上周（6月26日）在哥本哈根举行的公众科技传播国际会议(PCST)上提出，并将提交给联合国气候变化框架公约(UNFCCC)进行审议。
　　The recommendations arose from the Copenhagen Challenge project, which took place in Copenhagen last week (26 June) at the Public Communication of Science and Technology (PCST) conference, and will be submitted for consideration by the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
　　非营利组织丹麦科学传播中心主任Mikkel Bohm在这次大会上说，虽然气候变化在科学界内部已是确定的事实，然而要说服人们采取行动仍然是一个挑战。
　　While climate change is an established fact in the scientific community, it is still a challenge to persuade people to take action, said Mikkel Bohm, director of the non-profit organisation Danish Science Communication, at the conference.
　　他说有500多位科学传播者出席这次公众科技传播国际会议，这就提供了一个绝好的机会来“就气候变化问题为各个社会架桥桥梁和对话。”
　　He said the gathering of more than 500 science communicators at the PCST meeting offered a marvellous chance to "build bridges and dialogues in societies on the issues of climate change".
　　“哥本哈根挑战计划”由14个讨论主题构成，比如怎样把气候变化信息传播到无法获取现代大众传媒的社区中、处理气候变化的区域差异以及传播信息从而让人们改变他们的行为。
　　The Copenhagen Challenge consisted of 14 discussion topics, such as how to communicate climate change to communities without access to modern mass media, dealing with regional differences in climate change and communicating to make people change their behaviour.
　　这些主题都分发给了PCST的所有与会代表，并把他们划分成焦点小组来贡献至多三条应对这些挑战的建议。
　　The topics were distributed to all PCST delegates, who were organised into focus groups to offer up to three recommendations to tackle any of the challenges.
　　这些建议中有利用诸如学校、商场、医院此类正常的集会场所来进行气候讨论；采用民间艺术、游戏、玩具以及舞蹈等形式作为宣传工具；并把重点放在制定关于已发现的当地问题和需求的气候策略。还有个建议是“使气候变化的影响与人们行为对气候的影响本地化”以此来改变人们的行为。
　　Recommendations included the use of natural meeting places such as schools, shops and hospitals for climate discussions, adopting folk arts, games, toys, and dances as communication tools, and focusing the design of climate strategies on identified local problems and needs. Another suggestion was to "localise both the impacts of climate change and the impacts of people's activity on the climate" to change people's behaviours.
　　Bohn 对科学与发展网络（SciDev.Net）记者说：“我们已经有了太多的建议。所有这些建议最终都会由联合国气候变化框架公约(UNFCCC)或其他组织的相关人士进行选择。”
　　"We have had an overweight of recommendations. All of them will eventually be chosen by people of relevance at UNFCCC or elsewhere," Bohn told SciDev.Net.
　　印度科学作家协会主席Manoj Patairiya说该挑战计划提供了一个建设性的开放平台来讨论气候变化信息传播的相关问题。
　　Manoj Patairiya, president of Indian Science Writers' Association, said the challenge offered a constructive, open platform to discuss the issues surrounding climate change communication.
　　然而，Manoj告诉科学与发展网络（SciDev.Net）记者说，发展中国家中还应该有更多的与传播情况有关的主题，比如支持发展与缓减气候变化之间的矛盾。
　　But, Manoj told SciDev.Net, there should be more topics related to the communication situation in the developing countries, such as the contradictions between supporting development and mitigating climate change.
