中英对照：中国森林项目“应当更具可持续性”--科技-- 中英对照：中国森林项目“应当更具可持续性”
　　[北京]科学家说，中国最大的环境项目中的两个的规划应该更加系统性，而且要加强合作，从而维持其取得的成功。
　　[BEIJING] Two of China's largest environmental programmes should plan more systemically and enhance collaboration to sustain their success, say scientists.
　　在本周（7月15日）的《美国科学院学报》（PNAS）中发表的一项研究中，研究人员评估了中国天然林保护工程（NFCP）与退耕还林工程(GTGP)的生态和经济效用。
　　In a study published in this week's (15 July) Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) researchers evaluate the ecological and economic impacts of China's Natural Forest Conservation Program (NFCP) and Grain to Green Programme (GTGP).
　　最近批准了再资助GTGP8年，而且NFCP也可能会获得同样的支持。
　　Another eight years of funding for the GTGP have been recently approved, and NFCP is likely to receive the same.
　　NFCP是在1997年的严重干旱后启动的，目的是通过禁止采伐和激励林业企业造林来保护自然森林。通过该项目，被保护区域的面积快速增长而且碳截存也有了增长。
　　The NFCP, launched in 1997 following serious droughts, aims to conserve natural forests through logging bans and afforestation with incentives to forest enterprises. Under the programme, the area of protected land has risen rapidly and carbon sequestration has increased.
　　GTGP是在1998年洪灾之后启动的，通过向农民提供粮食和现金补贴来把种植在陡峭山坡的作物改造为森林和绿地。这组作者写道，到2006年底该项目已改造了将近900万公顷农田，造林11.7万公顷荒地。
　　The GTGP, initiated in 1998 after massive floods, converts cropland on steep slopes to forest and grassland by providing farmers with grain and cash subsidies. By the end of 2006, the programme had transformed almost nine million hectares of cropland and afforested 11.7 million hectares of barren land, write the authors.
　　考虑到社会经济效果，GTGP已取得了显著的成就，全国超过3000万个家庭中的1.2亿农民受益，而NFCP仅影响到几百个国有林业企业。
　　With regards to socioeconomic effects, the GTGP has been particularly successful, benefiting 120 million farmers in over 30 million households nationwide, while the NFCP has only affected a few hundred state-owned forest enterprises.
　　然而这组作者指出了一些不足之处，比如这些项目对政府资助的过分依赖，而资助把预算负担又压在了地方政府身上。他们认为，如果那些津贴不到位，新的森林就会又变为农田，砍伐天然林又会出现。
　　But the authors point out some shortcomings, such as the programmes' heavy reliance on government funding, which has placed budgetary burdens on local governments. They suggest that if the subsidies were to end, new forest could be converted back into cropland and natural forest logged again.
　　这组作者呼吁进行改革从而使这些项目更加可持续，其中包括在众多政府层面上更系统的规划以及以及多样化的资助方案，诸如要求水电企业补偿农民。
　　The authors appeal for reforms to make the programmes more sustainable, including more systematic planning at numerous government levels and diversified funding schemes such as pushing hydropower firms to compensate farmers.
　　此外，这组作者指出这两个工程的已知合作努力还不是很多，并提议建立一个同时关注NFCP与GTGP的跨学科研究的全国网络。
　　Additionally, the authors point out that not much is known about the collaborative efforts of the two programmes, and suggest the creation of a national network of interdisciplinary research that focuses on both the NFCP and GTGP.
　　北京林业大学经济管理学院副院长王立群说其中一些建议措施已经提上了政策议程。比如，政府继续为GTGP提供的资助将不仅用于补偿农民，还将用于支持发展一些可选的商业。
　　Wang Liqun, deputy dean at the School of Economic Management at Beijing Forestry University, says some of the recommended measures are already on the policy agenda. For example, the continued government funding of the GTGP will be used not only to compensate farmers, but also to support alternative businesses.
　　王院长告诉科学与发展网络（SciDev.Net）记者说：“这两个项目启动时，中国还处于经济发展水平较低的阶段，这意味着发展中国家只要有强有力决心和组织，就能在其发展过程中达到恢复环境的目标。”
　　"The two programmes, launched when China was still at a lower economic development stage, imply that developing countries can achieve environmental recovery amidst development as long as they have strong determination and organisation," Wang told SciDev.Net.
