美国环保协会美国环保协会中国项目
　　1997年以来，美国环保协会在中国开展了以二氧化硫排污权交易为代表的一系列项目，提倡环境管理中引入市场化的经济手段，探索既有利于环境保护又能促进经济发展的新方法。美国环保协会与国内政府和研究部门合作，开展了排污权交易在中国政策和立法方面的研究。
　　In 1997, Environmental Defense launched a series of environmental protection programs beginning with sulfur dioxide emissions trading. Environmental Defense sought the adoption of market-based economic strategies in managing the environment and new ways for both environmental protection and economic development to flourish. Environmental Defense cooperated with government and research organizations on studying emissions trading policies and legislations.
　　1999年4月，中国总理朱镕基访问美国期间，中国国家环境保护总局局长解振华先生和美国环保署署长卡罗·布朗女士共同签署了“在中国利用市场机制减少二氧化硫排放的可行性研究”的合作意向书。1999年9月，美国环保协会与国家环境保护总局签署协议，在中美合作框架下开展总量控制与排污权交易的研究与试点工作，本溪和南通被确定为首批试点城市。
　　In April 1999, during Premier Zhu Rongji's visit to the United States, Mr. Xie Zhenhua, Minister of SEPA, and Ms. Carol Browner, Administrator of the USEPA, agreed to cooperate on " Researching the feasibility of using market-based instruments to achieve sulfur dioxide reductions." In September 1999, Environmental Defense signed an agreement with SEPA to research and complete pilot work on total emissions control (TEC) and emissions trading under the framework of Sino-US cooperation. Benxi and Nantong were selected as the first demonstration cities.
　　2001年9月，江苏省南通市成功实现了我国首例二氧化硫排污权交易。
　　In September 2001, the first sulfur dioxide emissions trade was successfully completed in Nantong, Jiangsu Province.
　　2002年3月，国家环境保护总局发环办函[2002]51号文，决定与美国环保协会一起，在山东省、山西省、江苏省、河南省、上海市、天津市、柳州市以及中国华能集团公司开展“推动中国二氧化硫排放总量控制及排污交易政策实施的研究项目”（简称“4+3+1”项目）。各参与省市相继完成总量分配、交易规则制定和案例试点。
　　In March 2002, SEPA and Environmental Defense cooperated in launching the "4+3+1" project, an endeavor to initiate an integrated TEC and emissions trading policy in the provinces of Shandong, Shanxi, Jiangsu and Henan and the cities of Shanghai, Tianjin and Liuzhou, along with the China Hua Neng Group. Each of the jurisdictions completed quota allocations, trading regulations and policy demonstrations.
　　2003年12月，国家环保总局听取“4＋3+1”项目工作总结报告。2004年6月四省三市和华能公司的示范工作均通过国家环保总局验收。
　　In December 2003, SEPA reviewed the report of the "4+3+1" project. In June 2004, the pilot work of the 4 provinces and 3 cities, as well as Hua Neng Group, was evaluated and approved by SEPA. 　　
　　1999年11月和2004年5月，美国环保协会先后出版了《总量控制与排污权交易》、《中国酸雨控制战略——二氧化硫排放总量控制及排放权交易政策实施示范》书籍和光盘；与国家环保总局宣传教育中心共同制作了《排污权交易在中国》电视片并于2004年10月在中央电视台成功播出。
　　In November 1999 and May 2004 respectively, Environmental Defense published two books with accompanying electronic content: "Total Emissions Control and Emissions Trading" and "Acid Rain Control in China: Total Emissions Control and Emissions Trading." In conjunction with China Environmental Education Center, Environmental Defense produced a TV series "Emissions Trading in China ", which was aired by China Central Television Station in October 2004.
　　2004年6月，美国环保协会与国内多个部门和研究机构在合作开展环保领域的政策研究基础上，在杭州召开“区域环境合作高层国际论坛”，倡议打破行政区划，开展区域环境合作。会议发表《区域环境合作，全局科学发展》蓝皮书，苏、浙、沪三地通过《长三角区域环境合作宣言》。
　　In June 2004, based on joint policy research work in environmental policy and planning, in conjunction with many domestic organizations and research institutions, Environmental Defense co-organized the International Forum on Regional Environmental Cooperation in Hangzhou, which recommended breaking down administrative barriers and pursuing regional environmental cooperation. A declaration on such cooperation was endorsed by Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Shanghai.
　　2004年9月，美国环保协会首席经济学家杜丹德博士被中国政府授予中国对外国专家颁发的最高奖“友谊奖”。9月30日，杜丹德博士受到温家宝总理的亲切接见。
　　In September 2004, Dr. Daniel J. Dudek,chief economist of Environmental Defence was awarded the friendship Award the highest award given to foreigners by the Chinese government. On September 30th, 2004, Premier Wen Jiabao met with all the honored foreign experts.
　　2004年12月，“中美国际环境问题研讨会”在北京召开，空前规模的美国环保协会专家团来到中国，与中国专家在国际环境热点领域展开全面对话与交流。并且与中国国际民间组织合作促进会签署合作备忘录，标志着美国环保协会将与国内民间组织在更多的领域携手并进。
　　In December 2004, a workshop on Sino-US environmental issues was held in Beijing. The largest-ever number of experts from Environmental Defense exchanged ideas with Chinese experts. At this event, the China Association for NGO Cooperation signed an MOU with Environmental Defense. This great event signified that cooperation between nongovernmental organizations in China and the US has reached a new height.
关于Environmental Defense
　　Environmental Defense 中文称为“美国环保协会”，是著名的美国非政府非赢利性环保组织，目前拥有超过40万名会员。
　　Environmental Defense is a leading national nonprofit organization headquartered in the US, representing more than 400,000 members. 　　
　　Environmental Defense自1967年成立以来，遵循创新、平等和高效的原则，凝聚科学、法律及经济的思想，以及和各种部门建立起的新型合作关系，始终为最紧迫的环境问题提供解决方案。
　　Since its founding in 1967, Environmental Defense has linked science, economics, law and innovative private-sector partnerships to create innovative, equitable, and cost-effective breakthrough solutions to the most serious environmental problems. 　　
　　Environmental Defense致力于人类社会可持续发展的现在和未来。涉及水、大气、海洋、人体健康、食品安全以及生物多样性等诸多领域。相比其他环保组织，Environmental Defense拥有更多的科学家和经济学家，并且越来越多地与公司、政府、社区合作，寻找改善环境同时也能发展经济的共赢之策。
　　Environmental Defense is dedicated to protecting the environmental rights of all people, including future generations. Among these rights are clean air and water, healthy and nourishing food, and a flourishing ecosystem. Enjoying the largest staff of Ph.D. scientists and economists of any environmental advocacy group, we have developed ways to help the environment that actually benefit the economy. Increasingly we work directly with business, government and community groups to forge solutions that make sense for everyone.　　
　　Environmental Defense曾经以有效的工作推动了废除DDT法令的颁布，从而开创了美国近代环保运动的先河；Environmental Defense积极倡导市场手段在解决环境问题中的应用，例如臭氧层破坏、酸雨和城市光化学烟雾污染等。Environmental Defense提出的排污权交易概念成为《京都议定书》的核心思想；世界最大企业中的８个与Environmental Defense合作，自愿削减他们的温室气体排放；Environmental Defense 成功地说服了麦当劳停止使用泡沫塑料汉堡包盒子；减少动物食品中抗生素的使用；以及帮助联邦快递公司（FedEx）引入燃料利用率提高了50％以上的新型递送卡车。这些成就展示了Environmental Defense如何综合利用科学、法律和经济的手段推动环境保护思想的变革。
　　In the past, Environmental Defense helped launch the modern environmental movement by winning a ban on the persistent pesticide DDT. Environmental Defense has also had very broad experience in the creation of market-based instruments for solutions to a range of environmental problems, such as stratospheric ozone depletion, acid rain and urban smog. Our emissions trading concept has become the centerpiece of the Kyoto Protocol. In addition, eight of the world's largest corporations have joined with Environmental Defense in making commitments to reduce their own emissions of greenhouse gases. We also persuaded McDonald's to replace bulky foam-plastic hamburger boxes, helped curb antibiotic use in animals for food production, and helped FedEx develop a delivery truck that is 50% more fuel-efficient. These achievements illustrate how Environmental Defense uses science, law, and economics to bring about social reform for environmental protection.
　　Environmental Defense以科学研究为基础深入探讨环境领域中的重大课题，倡导得到广泛持久的政治、经济和社会支持的解决方案。这得益于Environmental Defense始终保持的非政治、有效和公正的立场。
　　Guided by science, Environmental Defense evaluates environmental problems and works to create and advocate solutions that win lasting political, economic and social support because they are nonpartisan, cost-effective and fair.
　　Environmental Defense坚信，一个可以持续发展的自然环境，必须以平等公正的经济社会环境为前提。Environmental Defense所致力追求的环境权益属于全球所有人类，不分贫富也无论肤色种族。
　　Environmental Defense believes that a sustainable environment requires economic and social systems that are equitable and just. The environmental rights pursued are the rights of all human beings, regardless of race or class.
